最符合'苏州大学'这一搜索词的文章的title为Natural Language Processing Lab, Soochow University, China | 苏州大学 自然语言处理实验室，文档序号为6
该文档内容为(查询词已被着重标记):
title:
Natural Language Processing Lab, Soochow University, China | ##苏州大学## 自然语言处理实验室
body:


Natural Language Processing Lab, Soochow University, China | ##苏州大学## 自然语言处理实验室







Home
News
Research
Member
Project
Publication
Contact





News



»Soochow NLP lab has 1 Youqing project and 5 normal projects granted by NSFC
2016.08.24

»Soochow NLP lab has 10 papers accepted by COLING
2016.10.22


more...


About us




Mission: to advance Natural Language Processing and Artificial Intelligence

                            technology to benefit humanity

                            
Vision: to be a globally admired research lab in Natural Language Processing

                            and Artificial Intelligence 




The Natural Language Processing (NLP) Lab at Soochow University is a team of 17 faculty members,

                    2 postdocs, and ~100 postgraguate students who work together on fundamental studies that allow computers to 

					process and understand human languages. 
Our work ranges from basic research in computational linguistics to key applications in human language technology, 

					and covers areas such as lexical analysis, syntactic parsing, shallow semantic parsing, deep pragmatic understanding, 

					information extraction, sentiment analysis, Chinese language processing, and statistical machine translation (SMT). 

					Our research has resulted in various kinds of linguistic resources and state-of-the-art platforms and techniques 

					for robust, broad-coverage natural-language processing.
The Soochow University NLP Lab is affiliated with the Jiangsu Provincial Key Laboratory for Computer

                    Information Processing Technology, and contains four research groups, i.e. natural language understanding,

					Chinese computing, social media processing and SMT. Meanwhile, it includes two university-level research 

					institutes, i.e. the Zongheng Institute for Chinese computing and 

					the Crosslingual HLT Institute for SMT .

                

            



            Copyright ? Natural Language Processing Lab, Soochow University, 2008-2016. All Rights Reserved

        





